Oh oh oh
Hey
Hey.
Shaojie, are you alright?
But it's okay
I just didn't expect him to be so savage
I persuaded him to hit me
Pay you to see
This is your good account.
It would be the opposite if you didn't hit my neighbor
Yue Longyuan is in my house
Don't go too far
You actually speak for him
How did he suppress your Lin family three years ago?
It's all about me standing up and fighting for you
And eventually the border was abandoned.
What about you?
The world is bustling
All for profit
Times are different now.
Shaojie is the partner of our Lin family
And you don't just fight and kill
What else do you know?
So that's your attitude now.
Our couple's relationship for several years
You collapse now for a little favor
As long as you haven't been so worthless these three years
I won't even speak for him
I am worthless
I secretly serve your Lin family
I've done so much.
Now it's useless in your eyes
Isn't it?
You are still pretending to claim the credit of Shaojie
Three years of labor reform
How did you become so shameless?
You can go away, don't stay here as an eyesore
You go to jail for three years
You are now kicking me away for such a pass
Yue Longyuan, don't you still recognize the truth?
What do you compare with less rape now? It's up to me.